# CS-305-Software-security

Project reflection

Artemis Financial is financial services company that wants to improve the security of their web application so that they can have stronger protection for their sensitive customer information. While working through this project, I had to identify security weaknesses and refactoring the application. I had to implement HTTPS with a self-signed certificate, then added SHA-256 checksum verification, and lastly used the OWASP Dependency-Check tool to identify known vulnerabilities as well as making sure I did not introduce any new ones after I made changes. One of the more challenging parts of the project was configuring the certificate and resolving the HTTPS configuration issues, but now I have a better understanding of how secure communication works. Once I made the security improvements, I then had to test the application to make sure that it was not only functioning correctly but also to verify that the checksum was successfully generated. Last, I ran the dependency check once again and confirmed there were no new vulnerabilities. This project helped me learn the importance of secure coding because it helps protect sensitive information, reduces the risk of unauthorized access, and helps build user trust. I also gained some experience using tools like Keytool, Spring Boot, and java's MessageDigest class, and OWASP Dependency-Check tool, which will definitely be useful for any future projects like this. I think this would be a great project to share with future employers because it shows my ability to implement secure communication, verify data integrity, identify software vulnerabilities, troubleshoot security issues, and even apply industry standard best practices.
